And I believe that you admitted that.
And here's where I see you gave.
I said that it could.
But I thought that it couldn't happen.
And Saint Albert County said that that was not even pensioned.
We just got through the question of how to handle this poor, malice situation.
Very little of us is in certainty, was planning to look in this situation in industrial plants.
And that stated for the army.
And it in fact, for all the best department was very much interested in that subject
and had problems connected with it.
Wasn't that Mr. Steer?
An invitation of your law.
It was not for I didn't finish.
To speak to the first customer, touch in his staff from the army to invest in your plants.
And the word, basically not collective in the army, wasn't that your intention when you stated that?
It doesn't know if it was not.
You want me to give you a little back down on it so you're alert?
Did you ever?
It'll make us forget.
I didn't give you a turning to sudden, do you know it's ever to get?
That there was a right, you see it.
You know the departments of the army, our army, our poor star, and the Navy from that occasion.
Did you know how a match that was on one occasion,
by your attorney, Mr. Adam?
I've heard of it. I never saw it.
And it was strong, giving the force of a conversation between him and life, all of them.
I've tried them hard.
Did you make an investigation of that?
An investigation of the matter that surprised your lawyer?
What's wrong in that?
In the presence of my colleagues showing the different departments of the United States armies the different areas?
No, I didn't make an investigation about it.
All right.
Then you deny that what you said to the senator,
with respect to investigating industrial plants was decided to get a suspension,
or to divide him to some other field of endeavor, in fact, your testimony.
Exactly.
I believe it can be taken with me.
Thank you Mr. Jenkins, and approximately 90 minutes, right?
You will have another chance.
I would like to thank you for, thank you.
In my ten minutes, I would like to start Mr. Stevens by reading the first paragraph of your specification data date of April 13th.
There is a passion for the Army alleges that Senator Joseph Armacardi is chairman of the front of the Subcommittee on Investigations,
here and after call with Subcommittee United States Senate.
And his chief council, Roy M. Cole, as well as other members of its staff.
Start by improper means to obtain preferential sheetments for one day with G.S.I. and U.S. Army formally chief consultant of the Subcommittee in that.
And then it lists the twenty-nine specifications.
All right now to break down the specific part,
in the five of your own personal knowledge is involved that each of the three to which car call and the type may have played in the specific matter of utilizing in favor of me, in favor of me to obtain preferential sheet.
Let's go for a semester car.
Are there any specific occasions for your personal knowledge that Mr. Car uses in favor of me to obtain preferential sheetments for kind of G.A. with chance?
Well, I indicated it was more.
But in the meetings that Mr. Car attended, that he was, yes, by the surveillance, Mr. Caldus most of the talking.
However, Mr. Adams had formal meetings that would not the car of ideas.
I'm personally in the soul we know on the same time as your own personal knowledge.
Yes, I have a disaster with stuff that many of you divide out one by one.
That's right.
About these three individuals whether they use the impact for me, so I'm talking now strictly about Mr. Car.
And strictly about your own personal knowledge that any kind of Mr. Car engaged in the impact for me in your opinion to seek preferential sheetments for G.A. with chance?
Well, not nearly the exact opposite.
Well, to what extent in my opinion it's very hard to define that the channel and I'm not trying to obey it.
I think my car is a relatively inactive part in the whole situation that we're discussing so far as my personal knowledge is concerned.
In all these Mr. Car has been charged in this situation with some very serious misbehaving.
That's for injustice to you and justice to him.
I think our energy should now speak publicly.
Well, he's an impotent yet with a young brother.
Well, I think that that will know that some of the information that I do.
In support of my knowledge I say a relatively inactive part.
As a chair and the chair and the same as Mr. Car, you know you have told me.
I've been meeting him in the past and you've been in the future.
When he has ready to do something, he's not.
Well, I suppose I think Mr. Car might have a little more active in helping to stop some of the conversations that went on.
He did not do that.
But did he do that?
Did he do that?
Well, he was just there and put on the call like these statements and possibly in a mile away, take part of nothing.
I say more than a pass it for an inactive nature.
But my personal knowledge is a part of the matter.
Well, may I say a bit to Steven, but I think you owe us a little bit of Mr. Car.
He understands the responsibility of your own personal knowledge is to turn you into a dog in the target of impotent.
Or if you specify the way in the target of the key word you have.
Well, I have to work hard.
Do a little thinking about that, Mr. Chairman.
You're mentioning it.
I mean, I got a thing right now.
I'm not saying that.
But I just want to see cars right now.
I think we can be specific in my business.
If you think that by the bottom of the bottom of the chart.
I'm not saying that in a dog.
As you result of your testimony, I'm trying to find out whether you're in a testimony investigation or I've done.
I will say that that's my purpose.
In fact, it's far more than any testimony.
I'm just trying to determine the hard feelings and the information that's not being prepared for it.
Are you all present on that?
Are you trying to give us your privacy?
Your private needs?
Your private business?
I'm telling you, or I knew it was hard when your own personal opinion just started to change.
And all, well, I thought I think that's the hard.
But that's not something that's not something that's not the conversation that's not.
You didn't do it.
On the other hand, you said that you tried to determine the failure in the shadow of the sound.
You didn't say that you were trying to determine the target at all.
I'm saying that in a case of investigation, not in that case.
If you're not in the target, I'm in the case of the door of that, I will decide.
Is that the opportunity to try to determine the failure in the shadow of the sound?
I'm saying that you don't need to talk to me about it.
I would say that I say it's hard.
But it's just because I don't mind my way.
I'll give me a discussion for this fight.
Like, did he do the harm in the sound?
He's just not talking to me about the mistake of saying that you don't need to talk to me about it.
Give me a hand.
This is how I'm doing.
If you have any questions, I'll give you one more.
I think you're right. I shouldn't show out of Mr. Cairo's no jurisdiction over my chief counsel, Mr. Kong, not over the camera.
That's something you may bring up in the subject of examination. I'm not being asked to fight over it.
I don't suppose that Mr. Ceeber is in the invitation of that information.
I'm trying to find out I'm justice to Mr. Carthage.
I'm sure you might be fair.
I do.
I'll just exactly be the extent of the charge you do at all of them.
From your own personal knowledge, the justice to talk who has said that you charge it, we're sitting here, basically, at the time of the stop.
I don't look at me on Mr. Kong, they don't need a much of them.
I'm taking mine apart in the conversation.
The chairman's time is expired.
I think I'm okay. I think I'm going to miss the cell after you find it.
Let's check there one apart and then you have with respect to granting commission to me on it.
The commission is direct commissions as was requested for Mr. Shine.
I want to ask the authority.
I wanted to determine the source of the appeal and the whom it was made and what you did about it.
Assuming that his application at a 7000 copper and he was qualified, who would have made the decision to grant a commission or who made the decision to reject the request?
I don't know.
So I have had that much conference plan I was already ran in direct commission.
Most of that, most of the about his delegated desires, about his delegated to the technical service,
that is like the core of engineers or the judge advocate general or the technical core.
Well, who, who, who, who are physicians, who are qualified and what position can be?
The staff are a full of an application for a direct commission and write it.
The chief of the technical service in my name.
In your name.
Yes.
Do they come to you directly?
No.
Do you have a recue?
Do you have a task just in one moment?
No, sir.
It's done by somebody under your command or under your direction.
I delegate.
Uh, when they'll make the decision?
But if they make a decision rejecting an application for a commission,
is it in charge to you for your approval for your review of any action whatsoever?
No.
Well, let's tell us exactly what happened in the case of Sean.
Who understood to prosecute the request for a direct commission for?
Well, no, we were, was first contacted by some of the clients of him.
He is just near Ramam between the hill over here, between the Congress and the department.
That's right.
So he can be the message to someone.
Who?
Well, he's filled out an application on my staff.
That's right.
It was the President General's office that passed that.
Yes.
The General's office process.
That's right.
I'm West Bay.
I feel out there.
That's right.
And he's still in the office.
Finally there.
Yes.
Well, finally there.
That is just the make out in the billet out.
I think too.
You know why he didn't fill it out?
Complete as a press time.
No, sir.
All right.
No action on it until he made the second death and completed it.
That's right.
Now what action was taken on that application, that'd be completed.
That's what happens.
Well, it was referred to the technical first.
In this case, the transportation card.
Who is it?
Who is the technical service now?
Who is it that they had on it?
Who passed all the applications?
General Yaman's ahead of the booth.
General Yaman.
Why are you empty?
He's a chief of transportation.
Is he the one that rejected the application?
He... he found that...
I mean, look over the application.
And being what the... what the...
what the qualifications were.
And what the needs of the service were.
That they had no high-quality information.
But I was the technical application.
Who did he give that report to?
After the urgent general, I was still.
He reported to the action General asked the gentleman in the application
that he wasn't qualified,
that they had no place for officer in stock.
All his qualifications, that's right.
Then why, sir?
Did you have the time?
And he had some general...
notify General Reemer and he had some...
notify them.
Well, when the time was taken up with you, direct.
Either by Senator Mokai, say, by Mr. Shion and Mr. Kohl.
What did you do there, finishing the private elements direct the mission?
Did you take any action?
Any positive action that I have asked you,
that application successfully.
No, the action was turned down by the department of the Army.
That was the end of it as far as we were concerned.
Did you have the authority if you had wanted to do it?
As second day of the Army to overrule.
The action had been taken by your subordinates
and turning down the application and ran him of the mission.
I would say that I had the authority to do it.
I couldn't say that you weren't much of an idiot.
You then can see you're doing that.
No, you've never done it for anyone else.
No, therefore you will.
Yes, that's right.
I have a live from my decision with respect to whether an applicant is qualified.
Yes, sir.
So, I will ask you this question.
State whether you did everything you had your subordinates with respect to this application.
I met the Shion for a direct mission that you would do and have done for all of his who have so far everything.
Do you spend as much time or ever one as you have said or listen?
I never had one that was in the same possible category as this one.
Why have you placed this one in a different category or ever the other?
That's not constant and repeated.
I have contact in Magdad-Gishan as represented by my family of 65 telephone calls, 19 meetings and so forth.
I was just a question of a cumulative effect of many, many individual actions.
Let's pull the left foot through the pressure that we run.
Sorry, it's under time.
I just get the stuff.
There's a transaction.
Right, the time is a learning of pk2 values 10 minutes.
I'm just sure you must go ahead and have every people.
I'll still pay them with a seven.
I'm still favor unlimited debate.
I'll have another try to talk.
This is actually just a few questions.
First, let's recognize the report on this meeting.
At which time some members of the group who were there could not gain admission to the top secret laboratory.
What type of clearance is required to enter that laboratory?
That would be very complex.
It's that what they call Q clearance.
Now that wouldn't be a Q clearance.
That would be a Q clearance.
But it wouldn't be a Q clearance.
Now the cemetery is automatically have that clearance.
I don't think they do have that effect.
But in any event, some distinction might be made between the cemetery and a member of each path.
That was my feeling.
Anybody that was elected to Congress was entitled to the laboratory.
Now the party left Washington and went to the first moment.
And I just assumed that evidently the clearances were not provided for the 40-metre plane.
It was ready.
Well, we didn't know exactly what our plans for the day would be until we got there.
And as far as I know, no particular preliminary planning done.
The result was when we came back to take you to the lab, right, the question of how the clearance we have,
it doesn't settle the whole business tonight.
Matter of the 44 minutes, and so I made my own spot decision,
unfortunately, Mr. Kondlin-Lake.
A way with clearance has to be obtained to an interdisciplinary establishment.
I'd say that first would have to be made by thousands of people.
And made on the individual basis, that's right.
That's right.
So that way it was not made for the day, obviously, they could not do that, because it takes a step there.
The only reason for this question is that the record indicates that your apology is about to matter.
And I just wondered whether that's backended into your apology, some frustration,
that having major trips up there, it was impossible for everyone to go into the lab.
No, that wasn't it.
My, I just like the use of that word apology, even though I used it as Mr. Jenkins' retic from the record,
I rethought about it, and I feel that it was much more in the nature of an explanation.
But it wasn't a part of it.
And it wasn't anything to do with the fact that plans have gotten complicated there.
Anything I was just sorry that the colonel, anybody else, was the threat.
You just described it a little while ago, that when General Parkridge was shifted from his position as Chief of G2,
there were also other changes in the stance, but you didn't particularize and say how many.
Well, for example, the Vice Chief is that, and the Chief of Information,
the mention too that I can think of a whole hand.
I've done a lot of other changes to the reticons, but I can't advise, get for you, if you'd like to have them, my senator.
Well, it isn't material, except to indicate whether this is a right self or whether or not,
or not, or not, or not, or not, or not, or not, or not, or not, or not, or not, or not, or not, or not.
The Chief of Staff is the organization, but he has the people that he wants,
the handle at tremendous jobs in the way that he thinks it should be held.
Going back for a moment to the application of Mr. Shine for a commission,
did you examine the original application and are you familiar with what's in it?
Now, I'm not personally familiar with that, but an application.
There has been very little testimony that's gone, with respect to quantification,
but if you are not familiar with the application itself and what the events for recital are,
mainly the facts, where there would have to be the foundation for consideration,
for information or for intelligence to take.
I presume that the question ought to be directed to some other person,
so if you have no first answer in the reality with the application.
Question on question.
Now, I haven't studied the application first of all.
That's all for the moment, Mr. Shine.
How is that?
Uh, the structure is, uh,
a working rise to the release of the so-called chronology of events,
which I think to release on March 11th,
but gave rise to it here.
I was slightly under the Jackson, but it was, uh,
an increasing interest on the part of senators and congressmen on this hill,
but gave rise to it.
Well, what time, uh,
did you reach the so-called breaking point, I mean, in your relationship with,
uh, the, uh, chairman of the committee and the staff?
I have, uh, listened very carefully to all of the event meeting,
telephone calls, and so on that occurred over, uh,
a period of time dating back to your return to Montana.
And I'm so happy your return from the party.
Uh, about what time did you decide to put down on paper
and what was going on and do something about it?
Well, this, uh, this, uh,
chronology that you referred to was prepared, uh,
I would say during the first, uh, week or ten days of March.
Uh, before I try to get out of work,
was the breaking point.
I mean, you, uh,
had all these meetings and conversations,
which later, uh, resulted in serious charges.
What happened?
What's the place that, uh,
made a necessary for you or someone under your direction to, uh,
send the chronology of the event all right,
you stay up and slow, and getting up,
getting up, uh,
maybe like one of them right there.
I, I'm sitting over to find the table sign to find out just what went on.
I mean, what happened was that there were, uh,
uh, uh, these, the question of, uh,
Sean, uh, signing at four-sticks,
as they come, a matter of some interest to the Congress of the United States.
And, uh, we have received a fair number of letters in regards to the matter,
uh, sending over to the several, several weeks.
And we acknowledge those letters,
and so we will look at under the matter,
and with the fire information may allow,
well, the time went by,
more injuries came in,
and it finally got to the point,
where this information has to be made available,
to just committee and to other members of the Congress to an environment for it.
Well, at what point in this, uh, chronology of the event,
uh, you come to the conclusion that, uh,
the request that the man's made a view around fall and reach,
uh, has gone beyond the point of, uh, the pride.
And you know, I will have any ideas.
I will say the best, uh, not, uh,
began to, uh, to, uh,
if the information started to accumulate back during the early, uh,
period of time, of, uh, Sean effect,
I have filled up in faithingly this time, one-on.
You had reservations from the very beginning,
and it was the cumulative sort of thing.
Well, I, I won't say that I have reservations,
but it's began to be a pass, uh, uh,
the, uh, Mr. Sean was, uh,
private Sean,
was a, uh, something of a problem to the,
demanding officer at Fort Dick,
and it began to be, uh,
come of the property over a period of time,
and members of the Congress,
uh, were, uh,
and was being rumored around that, uh,
uh, request of an unusual nature
who are being made and they have put Mr. Shine,
to the death of Rhyma Garamon.
Well now,
who prepared this, uh,
technology of the van?
Do I understand that it was a Mr. Brown
and Mr. Hempel-Balberts?
That's right.
Now, uh,
according to the case of the security,
the two-ass students of World Report Parts,
well, 1954, which the Army of your target,
and the charge is, uh,
uh, Santa MacArthur and the staff work, uh,
but it was stated that, uh,
the report that it's not a report,
it is John Adams version of the situation,
this is coming from,
I believe, uh, Santa MacArthur and, uh, Mr. Cohen,
Mr. Caw.
And I, this is the direct vote.
It is not a report,
it is John Adams version of the situation.
There has been issued a press discharge,
on true version written by a man,
who has a special interest in the situation.
Well, of course, I think that is completely inaccurate,
and in itself unfair,
that statement is not true.
No, no, no.
Now, uh,
could you tell a committee?
A line of them, Mr. Brown,
Mr. Hempel-Balberts prepared this.
That's right.
Why was it sent to the department of the van?
So, they said a pilot wrote the secretary of the van,
a letter on the subject stated the,
I think it was the eighth of March.
And he put down some very pointed questions,
and, uh,
the secretary of the van,
wanted to be in a position to answer
by the pilot's letter.
I make the analysis.
I don't think I have a suspect there,
I need to break in,
but, well, we choose, uh,
the van in material,
but it's prepared for your office,
and the secretary of the van forgives your fault,
that's what,
but, excuse me.
Well, I ask the question,
does the scientist find the experiment,
the man's question?
Would you ask how the van does the pilot,
the big inverter,
is he normally, when the letter is back,
and the secretary of the van is lettering for it?
Relating to the Arnold,
when the Arnold,
normally prepared that information,
and forwarded to the secretary,
and then the secretary of the van,
the required, uh, covering the information,
and then by the arms.
That, uh, yes,
that's right, when they happen,
that in there,
that's the normal procedure.
And that's right,
and all of our,
not done,
but, uh, uh, uh,
John Adams,
the department counselor,
and I think that has already been on fire,
but, uh, the department is a bachelor,
and I'm a bachelor.
I'm a family,
and I only have six months.
Thank you, partner.
Does that tell the time it up?
Thank you, Mrs. Masek.
Yes.
I, I afford the ministry's fire.
Hahaha!
Uh, Mr. Staden,
can you tell us about Mr. Green,
whereby we are,
we've had a task,
at four, six,
to five and a time.
Uh, let me just,
continue on,
while stating that according to the Army's report,
on December 6, 1953,
General Ryan,
fellow phone minister Adam,
report, just stated the matter
of handling by the time,
was becoming an speaking-way,
difficult, sensitive soldier,
resuming the Pope nearly every night.
Now, on page 11 of your statements,
I please rise,
or I'm not having a bureaucrat in the church.
Your code is saying,
if you total General Ryan,
that's signed to be made available,
a final report of the committee staff,
over a weekend,
one requires to complete signs,
work for the committee,
and provide that it did not interfere with his claim.
Then, uh,
the statement of
charges,
submitted by Senator McCarty,
a paragraph 13,
of the charges stated by folks,
to call participation and arrangements
to have tried to chime to vote many hours,
over and above Army training,
which could otherwise have been sent in a recreation,
to the completion of vital committee work,
a request for preferential treatment to five reasons.
All such arrangements were made
with the full concerns of Mr. Stevens.
Thank you.